.github/pull_request_template.md, before:

# Description
Please describe the changes you made to the codebase/project files here.
Include all relevant context for the changes and list all new dependencies.

Related to # (issue)

## Type of change
- [ ] Bug fix (non breaking change that fixes an issue)
- [ ] New feature (non breaking change that adds functionality)
- [ ] Breaking change (fix or feature that causes existing functionality to not work as expected)

## Environment
Please describe your environment and remove nonapplicable environment information from this section.
- OS: 
- Hardware:
- Software versions:
- IDE:

## Testing
Please describe the testing you performed on the codebase/project files here and how other users can reproduce your results.

# Checklist
- [ ] My code follows the general style guidelines of the project
- [ ] I have perfomed a self-review of my code
- [ ] I have commented my code, particulary where it is unclear
- [ ] My changes generate no new warnings or errors
- [ ] The project compiles and runs correctly

Commit message:

add workflow and screenshots to pr template

.github/pull_request_template.md, after:

# Description
Please describe the changes you made to the codebase/project files here.
Include all relevant context for the changes and list all new dependencies.
If your change has visual implications on the project, please provide screenshots or animated GIFs of the changes.

Related to # (issue)

## Type of change
- [ ] Bug fix (non breaking change that fixes an issue)
- [ ] New feature (non breaking change that adds functionality)
- [ ] Tooling (non breaking change that adds funktionality to the workflow)
- [ ] Breaking change (fix or feature that causes existing functionality to not work as expected)

## Environment
Please describe your environment and remove nonapplicable environment information from this section.
- OS: 
- Hardware:
- Software versions:
- IDE:

## Testing
Please describe the testing you performed on the codebase/project files here and how other users can reproduce your results.

# Checklist
- [ ] My code follows the general style guidelines of the project
- [ ] I have perfomed a self-review of my code
- [ ] I have commented my code, particulary where it is unclear
- [ ] My changes generate no new warnings or errors
- [ ] The project compiles and runs correctly
